/*
 *Name: Meiyi He
 *Login: cs11fawq
 *PID:A91041817
 *Date:Nov.19.2015
 *File Name: README
 *This file is a program description and some questions in write up
 */

Program Description:
This is a simplified version of snake game. The goal of the game is to make 
the snake cover the entire screen. 
User have to run this game by entering"java -cp/Acme.jar:./objectdraw.jar:./  
SnakeController [dimensions] [segment_size] [delay]" into the terminal. The 
dimensions should between 500 and 800 inclusively, segment size should 
between 20 and 400 inclusively, and delay should between 100 to 1000 
inclusively. If any of it is incorrect or user didn't pass in correct amount
or arguments, the program will exit a.s.a.p. and the error message will shown 
according to different mistakes.
After all parameters that user entered in the terminal is correct, the game 
should start. The snake would not move until the user pressed on any of the
direction key on the keyboard. Also notice that the snake always start facing
right, one size from the upper bound and the left bound of the canvas.
When user pressed on any of the direction key to start the game, the snake
will keep moving in the current direction until user change the direction by
press on other direction keys. If user press on the space bar on the keybpard,
the game will paused and show "PAUSED" in the center of the canvas. The game
will resume only when user press the space bar again, other keys will not
resume the game.
The snake can grow when the snake eats the apple (the red square) on the 
canvas, and then grow by one segment on the original apple's coordinate. Then
the apple will generates randomly on the canvas, anywhere other except the 
coordinates of the snake body. 
The snake will keep moving and eating, but when the snake crash on the wall
or the snake eats itself(when head touch on any of the body), then the game
is over and the "GAME OVER" message will appear on the center of the screen.
The score of the game will keep updating whenever the snake eats an apple, and
after the game over, compare the current score with high score, then update
the high score if current score higher then previous high score.
After the game is over, or even the snake is moving, or user paused the game,
user can always restart the game by pressing the button "NEW GAME"which is on
the bottom of the canvas.


Short Responses:
1.starts early and starts often will make me never gets into this kind of
scenarios. But still, if I really stressed out or have too much pressured, 
I will go work out.

Java Questions:
2. I think it would be better if there is two method that control the square
drawing and circle. And then creates a method that takes in color parameter
to set the square and the circle's color accordingly. This way the program 
will be more general and more easy to updates.

3. Differences:
Abstract class:
  1) extends an abstract class means inheriting them, means that the program
  will have many properties same as the class they inherited from
  2) a class can extends only one class
Interface:
  1) An interface is not a class, it is just a type that can be used by any
  class which implementing the class.
  2) a class can implements many interfaces

4. Alike:
  1) both of them cannot be instantiated themselves
  2) both can contain static final constants

5. vim -p *.java 
this will open all file with .java type, and each in its' own tab

6. mkdir -p fooDir/barDir/


