
Program Description:

Program1:PalindromeChecker.java

This program is an application that checks the user's input phrase is 
palindrome or not. By definition, a palindrome is a word, phrase, number
or other sequence of characters which reads the same backward or forward.

So if user want to check if a phrase is palindrome or not, it should compile
the Tester.java file by "javac Tester.java" then run the Tester.java by input
"java Tester" in command line. Then the program will prompt the user to input
something to be checked.

My PalindromeChecker.java file will first filter out all special characters
then create a new array with only alphanumeric characters(letters and digits).
All whitespaces and punctuations will be filtered out, and make the phrase 
case insensitive by setting all characters to be lower case.
And there is two method in PalindromeChecker.java to check the input phrase,
first method needs three parameters, the phrase that user inputs, the first
character index to be checked and the last character index to be checked.
The other method only takes in string parameter which is the phrase that user
inputs in. 

When run the Tester.java, user will be prompted to enter a phrase to check,
and it will prints out two line of results. 1-arg means check by the method
that only needs one parameter; 3-arg means check by the method that needs
three parameters. Their results should be same for the same phrase.

Program2:Spin100

This program includes two files, Spin100Controller.java and Spin100Wheel.java.
It is actually a small game. To play the game, the user should run the 
Spin100Controller.java file. Then the game will start. 
There is a game header called"Spin 100" on top of the game canvas, two lines
after the header showing the score of player1 and player2. At the begining, 
all scores should be zero. 
When click on "Click to Spin P1" button on the canvas, the wheel on the left
side of the canvas will start to spin. It will spin a random number times 
based on the random double generated each time, and get a score which the
arrow points to, then update the player 1's score on the header of the game.
Notice that if p1's score doesn't exceed 100 or p1 didn't click the finish
button, p2 are unable to click any of the buttons. If player1 get 100, then
player 1 will immediately win the game, and the game will display a winning
message at the upper left corner. 
If player 1's score larger than 100 or player1 decide to click on "finish
player 1" to stop his chance of spinning the wheel, the buttons related to
player 1 will immediately greyed out. And the button for player 2 is able to
be pressed. Still, Player2 have to spin at least once the wheel to be able
finish the game.
For both players, the finish buttons cannot be clicked until the wheel have
been spinned once. 
After there comes a winner, the restart button are able to be pressed and the
scores will back to 0, the wheel reset to the original state points to 50
again. Any game over messages will be hide until it comes next winner or tie.


Vim Questions:

1. First, get into the Command Mode of vim, Then
1)  :set shiftwidth=1 (which will indent one level, default is 8)
    press enter on the keyboard
2) " < "or" > " (< for unindent, > for indent) 
    nj(n lines to indent or unindent)

2. In command mode
      >% for indent
      <% for unindent
3. o : open a new line following the current line and then insert text


Unix Question:

4.For example, if I want to save the "Tester.java" output into a file name
"output", first compile the file, then in the command line type:
      java Tester > output
 Then it will save all outputs of the program into "output" in the current
 directory.


Java Questions:
5. int[] numbers = {1,3,5,7,9};

